So let's have the icons and the correct text right here.
So we're going to start with this one the free shipping and free shipping on all orders over 100.
So next we're going to change the icon and I'm going to click here and from here he can of course you
can scroll and find the correct icon you can see that we have a nice preview on the top.
I cannot really decide which I can say when to use in this case I want to use the FAA truck.
When I select these one.
So next week have these secure payments are not secure.
Payments and then we're going with PayPal or create God
and the icon for this is going to be Fay dash.
Look it's like these on Finally what's going on.
The third one is going to be the right through an angry phone sort of not read on.
And re phones and these icons is going to be F.A. onto.
So now you can see we added the three icons that we went to display.
So we're going to take you on up the.
And now we have added their fields and the contents that is going to be displayed right here right after
these banner.
So next in the next video right there on that is going to display the icons like these so let's continue
working in the next video.